5.0.1 (#279)
MetaMask/eth-sig-util: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [5.0.1]

> ### Added
> - Add additional tests to cover encoded data values that were not previously covered which led to unintended changes to encoding hexstrings in `v5.0.0` ([#274](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/274))
> 

Reviewer: Nit: Not sure this is informative for users of this package. The functional change is covered already below.
```suggestion
```

### Fixed
- Fix issue introduced in `v5.0.0` where the `encodeField` encoded fields typed as `bytes` and passed as a hexstring was encoded differently than previous versions ([#271](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/271), [#274](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/274))

> ## [5.0.0]

Reviewer: Could we deprecate v5 while we're at it? I do not think it is safe to use.

```suggestion
## [5.0.0] [DEPRECATED]
```

## [Unreleased]

## [5.0.1]
### Fixed

> - Fix issue introduced in `v5.0.0` where the `encodeField` encoded fields typed as `bytes` and passed as a hexstring was encoded differently than previous versions ([#271](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/271), [#274](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/274))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix issue introduced in `v5.0.0` where the method `encodeField` encoded fields typed as `bytes` and passed as hexstrings were encoded differently than previous versions ([#271](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/271), [#274](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-sig-util/pull/274))
```
